# ed-post-map
 All the materials used to create a map showing grant and air pollution data in the US, underneath racial demographics data.
 Studies from the Government Accountability Office (GAO) and the University of Utah have shown that school districts that have received a grant from the government for a natural disaster are in counties or areas where high air pollution and high noise pollution exists. We wanted to create a similar map, and show the school districts that received a grant next to a map of counties that have higher rates of air pollution that can have neurological affects. 

For this, I reached out to the GAO to ask for a spreadsheet containing all the school districts that have received a grant. Their spreadsheet unfortunately doesn't list all school districts, as I noticed that after mapping it, there was a lot of white space. So I had to also grab all the shape files from the Department of Education's National Center for Education Statistics in order to join the two dataframes by the geoids. I got air pollution data from the Environmental Protection Agency, which had the data available by census tract. Thankfully, their data includes the county information, so I added the hazard quotient for each census tract in each county to give each county one total hazard quotient value. 

Since we are simply re-creating the maps that the GAO and University of Utah made, I mainly used 2018 data from all sources, since that was what the GAO and University of Utah used.
